Guidance updates for markdown use, update journey and readability improvements (#115)
Marvell-Consulting/statswales-frontend: docs/cookies/en/cookie-statement.md

# Cookies

Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.

We use cookies to remember your login details, your preferences and the information you've entered.

## Essential cookies

Essential cookies do things like remember your login details and save your progress through a form. These cookies always need to be on.

| Name                 | Purpose                                                                                                                               | Expires |
|:---------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------|
| `jwt`                | Tells us who you are and allows you to perform actions on this site                                                                   | 1 day   |

> | `lang`               | Tells us the languauge you have choosen to use                                                                                | 1 year  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lang`               | Tells us the language you have chosen to use                                                                                | 1 year  |
```
